Change for visual signal in ready for RC 2025 (#159)
RoboCup-SPL/Rules: rules/forbidden_actions.tex

If a robot enters the relevant penalty area during a penalty kick, except for the goalkeeper (defending team) and one robot of the attacking team, ``Illegal Position'' is called.

\subsection{Forbidden Motion}
Robots that begin moving their legs or locomote in any fashion before reaching the specified state in the following subsections
will be penalized \textit{in place} on the field.
``Forbidden Motion'' penalties do not follow the standard removal procedure, and hence do not count towards the incremental penalty count.
A robot will be moved back to its original position if it has moved significantly before being penalized.

\subsubsection{Motion in Standby}
\label{sec:motion_in_standby}

> If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized until the end of the \textit{ready} state.

Reviewer: We should keep this in mind, since the GameController has to be updated so that this penalty is directly given to all robots of the same team.

Author: This is already clearly defined in the explanation of the standby state, but I will update here to better reflect that.

If a robot enters the relevant penalty area during a penalty kick, except for the goalkeeper (defending team) and one robot of the attacking team, ``Illegal Position'' is called.

\subsection{Forbidden Motion}
Robots that begin moving their legs or locomote in any fashion before reaching the specified state in the following subsections
will be penalized \textit{in place} on the field.
``Forbidden Motion'' penalties do not follow the standard removal procedure, and hence do not count towards the incremental penalty count.
A robot will be moved back to its original position if it has moved significantly before being penalized.

\subsubsection{Motion in Standby}
\label{sec:motion_in_standby}

If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized until the end of the \textit{ready} state.

> However, movement of the head is permitted and does not result in a penalty.

Author: I would lean towards the second option. Initially, I was considering allowing any movements except those involving the feet, along with optional cheers or dances. However, this approach could complicate the referee’s job and introduce additional edge cases, such as robots falling.

Restricting movement to just the head feels more consistent with what was done before the introduction of the "Standby" phase. That said, I’m not strongly opposed to allowing a single standing-up motion.

If a robot enters the relevant penalty area during a penalty kick, except for the goalkeeper (defending team) and one robot of the attacking team, ``Illegal Position'' is called.

\subsection{Forbidden Motion}
Robots that begin moving their legs or locomote in any fashion before reaching the specified state in the following subsections
will be penalized \textit{in place} on the field.
``Forbidden Motion'' penalties do not follow the standard removal procedure, and hence do not count towards the incremental penalty count.
A robot will be moved back to its original position if it has moved significantly before being penalized.

\subsubsection{Motion in Standby}
\label{sec:motion_in_standby}

If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized until the \textit{ready} state is send.

> This means the Champion Cup will be penalized until the end of the \textit{ready} state, while the Challenge Shield will face penalties until 10 seconds remain in the \textit{ready} state.

Author: If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized for the duration of the delayed \textit{ready} state.
Specifically, for the Champion Cup, this penalty will last up to \qty{\ReadyDelayTimeChampion}{\second}, while for the Challenge Shield, it will extend up to \qty{\ReadyDelayTimeChallenge}{\second}.

Reviewer 2: If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized from that moment until the ready signal delay ends.
Speicfically, the penalty will end on the 45th second of ready in CC and on the 35th second in CS.

\subsubsection{Motion in Standby}
\label{sec:motion_in_standby}

> If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized until the \textit{ready} state is send.
> This means the Champion Cup will be penalized until the end of the \textit{ready} state, while the Challenge Shield will face penalties until 10 seconds remain in the \textit{ready} state.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a robot begins to move during \texttt{standby} (\ie before the head referee does the visual signal), all robots from that team will be penalized until the \texttt{ready} or \texttt{playing} state is sent by the Game Controller, whichever occurs first.
```
